All the shiny things that we see
Promise us pleasure and security
But if we wanted all there's a cost
We could be slaves through what we've bought
Let's keep it simple
Jehovah knows what we need
Keep it simple
And you and I keep it simple
So nice one, we are satisfied with simple things
We'll feel the joy and peace it brings
Let's keep it simple
Jehovah's keep it simple
Keep it simple
God's us if we trust and wise
He feels to live the simple life
Our hearts are happy and our loaves are light
With all this weight taking off our chest
We're free to give our God our best
Let's keep it simple
Jehovah's keep it simple
Keep it simple